Question: If you used CSS for the image carousel only, why?
Answer: No I like to use bootstrap with some custom CSS, so that I can overwrite some properties provided by Bootstrap and provide my own implementation.
        I have used it for other puposes as well.

Question: If you used JS additionally for the image carousel, why?
Answer: I used jquery to determine previous and next click to show images in loop. 

Question: Why can the function 'grecaptcha.render()' not be directly called on pageload?
Answer: I have not used grecaptcha, so don't have knowledge about it.

Question: Why is the callback function as a parameter for the recaptcha javascript needed?
Answer: Like I said in above question I don't have much knowledge about it but I can read and understand it more.

Question: What are the advantages/disadvantages of the object oriented javascript?
Answer: Let's me explain advantage of object orient programming in JavaScript vai a code snippet

        Function MyFunction() {
        }
        MyFunction.prototype.print = function(){
            //some code
        }
        Var obj = new MyFunction();

        If we create large number of object of MyFunction, we will have only one print method in the prototype chain.
        This prototying chain simple and flexible, because of it's dynamic nature it is being used across all the latest javascript based frameworks.
        I would call it a advantage over other programming as usually all the objects comes with all the associated properties and methods. 

        Disadvantage
            -Uses of construture is little bit different that other programming languages
            -type checking happens at run time


Note: - I didn't finish the footer as the mobile view for the same is missing in screenshot and I am not aware of grecaptcha concepts.
It is just creation of html elements and use bootstrap to make 3 sections, 1st and 2nd section are simple to make and 
3rd section will contain just a form with grecaptcha validation on click of submit.